why you make me do this
before we begin since i have to go
through all of this
you have to sit through this it's a
special message you better take it
serious
hi i'm alex with the angry joe show and
i'm here to talk to you about a serious
condition plaguing two
out of every three youtubers e d
i have e d
i have e d and it affects my everyday
life ed is a crippling condition
especially amongst
aging internet personalities wait what
it is the number one cause of
relationship problems
performance issues and anxiety amongst
youtubers
[Music]
if you or a youtuber you know suffers
from ed there is something you can do
there's counseling support groups and
now
thanks to ajs labs there's patreon
patreon is a once monthly supplement
that combats ed directly
eliminating many if not most of the
symptoms of ed
help bring the joy back to those you
care about most
fight ed excessive demonetization ask
your youtuber patreon is right for you
[Music]
thank you for helping us with red
that's right guys thank you all so much
for supporting our patreon our join
button
and because so many of you have already
supported as a big thank you i am
extending the list
this is no longer the top 10 worst games
of 2019
this is the top 16 worst games
[Music]
if i remember correctly just down this
pathway i think we're [__] lost we're
not lost yes
what the [__] what is that what where
you don't see it no
[Music]
oh sh what the [__] is that joe [__]
where is it
no okay i remember oh my god what is it
this is not the right path
this is not the right path what the [__]
you need to get the [__] out of here
oh [__] let's go oh it's coming
[Music]
so i'm gonna start easy with number 16.
this ain't the worst horror game on the
list
but it's certainly not a good one it's
more of a crushing disappointment
from the potential of the trailer and
some of its
individual scary moments it the game
just does not live
up to the job god damn it
i'm i am not careful careful
like guys this was a cool section
but now you're [__] ruining it
because it's being dragged out
to an insane [__] level
they need an editor they need somebody
to come in and edit
[__] and edit it down others
may have been kinder to it this year but
unfortunately that wasn't the case for
me and joe
we disliked the ending a ton
the game dragged so hard in some places
with piles of leaves as an enemy
really
what the [__] you died
the mechanics were often frustrating and
the story was less than ideal worst of
all
it just simply wasn't scary it spent way
too much of its time exploring a guy's
ptsd from a war
then it did doing justice to you know
its
[__] license blair witch hello
hello we wanted to see more with her
by the end you will have felt like you
wasted most of your time
worse it hurts your dog and it makes you
listen to the poor dog whimpering for a
good
15 minutes if you want the good ending
[__] hell man screw that
oh no
[Music]
i'll get down there [__] this game i'm
about to give this game a 0 out of 10 if
it's
making me put no i'm not putting the dog
down
you always this heavy
[Music]
oh
and we're here to say that rage
is back
rage two y'all remember this game when
it came out last year
yeah me neither i wait uh oh
i can't believe that this game is still
60 in 2020 what the [__]
what the [__] oh come on
and it's a real shame it was promising
you know like a pink high
octane version of doom unfortunately at
release the game had
uh game breaking bugs objectives that
would just disappear and
just frustrating aspects it was tired it
was cliche
and it was boring to boot general cross
oh no general crowd
that's not to actually say that there
weren't some good gameplay loops right
some of the combat is some genuinely
cool moments with
great gun play and some weapons combat
is okay it's just everything else around
it is boring
damn it
crappy floating driving loot
is boring too few enemy types
the story is [__] it's a pointless open
world
sandbox that's extremely lifeless and
empty feeling
the repetitive missions is what holds
this one back
even more insulting is bethesda wanting
you to buy rage coins
currency to buy the game's dlc as if
this
[__] game needed any [__] system like
and you know what you need a
bethesda.net account and there are only
four [__] purchase options
500 uh uh 105
what just no it was 1 100 200
2 500 just [__] and the dlc cost you 1
500 so of course you have the stupid
[__] left over in coins so that you have
to buy more to afford this one
[__] this for what can amount to
eight hours of campaign and little else
at a sixty dollar steadfast price
that's hardly what i'd call getting your
value out of the game
add those [__] rage coins and i'm
out
see what happened was
what happened was
it just works
it's a goddamn monster truck that's what
they do in the [__]
you won all right now you get to go
further
nobody's cheering did you apologize to
everyone you just beat
nobody's cheering guys
so quiet where the [__] are you pointing
it there's no one here
monster jam steel titans imagine
monster energy super cross red bull the
game
you remember from 2018 that was terrible
as hell
no
oh man what the [__] was that
that was the best finish the race i've
ever
seen but at the very least it made us
laugh
so [__] hard now imagine that game
rip out all the things that were
entertaining
that were fun to make fun of and
hilarious
and you're left with this dull
boring lifeless shell of a [__]
monster truck game
where you can't even have fun crushing
cars hello
hello do i even need to say more
wrestling next while we eat whoa did you
see these [__] particle effects y'all
i paid 60 for that
yeah okay so there are cars here but it
is so pathetically programmed
that crushing random boxes is more fun
[Music]
there's no online multiplayer no tire
deformation
the suspension is a [__] joke the
music is generic as [__] as it drove us
insane
the physics are straight bad it's it's
not even funny bad it's just bad
[Music]
there's absolutely no passion or soul in
the game
no commentators no instant replays of
your tricks
no wheel support so you can role play
being in a monster truck it's just lame
as [__]
what kind of [__] monster truck game
is like you know what people really want
to do with monster trucks they want to
race them like
[__] track cars and motorcycles
are you a dumbass the best part were
those screens that reminded me of the
all the cool memories of going to
monster truck rallies when i was a kid
and remembering all the different
celebrity drivers and their famous cars
right
it's maybe four hours worth of content
it's just not worth it are you [__]
serious oh look at that
i'm gonna lie
what the [__] you can't [__] name
[__] people in the [__] x-com like
game that was a [__] point
even new goddamn people that we [__]
have here to [__] recruit
if you're name generating random [__]
hispanic names then you can let us come
up with the random hispanic names
my name is vargas that's lopez why can't
we make our own [__] names
you dumb asses you completely ripped off
x-com without even knowing what makes
x-com
successful it's gone flanking is gone
tactics are gone and now the fun of the
game is [__] gone
[__] this game narcos
rise of the cartel look i
love xcom like games there have been a
few who aren't
actually called xcoms who have gotten
the formula right
narcos is not one of them well initially
it seemed promising with some alright
visuals
voice acting cool drug lord theme
you know i don't see why people said
this is a bad game
you've been playing for 30 seconds okay
all right all right
fair enough we gotta see we gotta see
the mechanics
after all the initial training missions
in the game
those serious falls start to come into
play
hey hey hey
ruckus he's gonna die what the [__]
it's my turn it's my
turn the biggest of which is that you
only get to move one
soldier at a time before the computer
then moves theirs
and back and forth until everything has
moved the issue with this
is that it completely destroys any
semblance
of tactics or flanking let me do my job
[Music]
that's it yeah no
what about my [__] guy
it is not fun like this if you're gonna
put a spin
on the xcom formula do it in the right
way
like like the real time aiming segments
it has
not this frustrating untested 100
percent on fund
[__]
recovers one hp this is so stupid
because this guy
has been sitting here murphy has been
doing nothing
this whole [__] game and getting shot
and all my missions are getting shot
past two people this is stupid as [__]
you broke the whole
you idiot you tried to [__] copy xcom
the [__] template is right there for
you
and you thought you'd be clever as [__]
and do something [__]
you you [__] it up you don't [__] it
up
you will end up just soloing missions
with one or two guys
there's no [__] point to bring with
that many more they just sit there
on their [__] asses doing nothing
complete
trash on top of this the enemies are
stupid as hell
often running directly past you and
leaving themselves in the open
and you can't even name your [__]
characters
any game that doesn't allow you to do so
in this
genre is an immediate fail
all the game made me want to do is check
out the netflix series
so i guess maybe in the end it did its
job
but [__] it [__] mouth here he comes
again
[__] to the shotgun oh you missed this
is so
stupid it's gonna be this back and forth
[__]
what happens if i get right in his face
like i don't care about this game
[__] you do i get more damage
yes i do thank god
will you shut up now will you shut up
now yes
all right that's it you ruined it
you [__] ruined it
boy do i have the thing for you time
savers
now timesavers is when you give us money
to not play the game you already paid
for because i put roadblocks in the game
that you want to get over isn't that pay
to win
no because we called it time savers
but wait there's more call now and you
can buy
skill points mark 2 upgrades and
materials for crafting
so you better buy now because i'm billy
mays
[__] idiots yeah uh i would like to
purchase some time
savers yeah that's right billy mays told
me to
yeah that's right i am an idiot
only 69.99 order now for your time saver
send your checker money order to time
savers incorporated department 3825
austin texas 78759 please allow 365 days
for delivery visit us at
www.gofuckyourself.com
ghost recon break point is trash
the game was undercooked unfinished and
lazy
how could you guys do this to one of my
favorite franchises
of old the ghost recon you remember the
little you know
the hand gestures now it's just a
[__] ripoff of the
division only more generic
hey you can have a feeling get down the
boat kick off the shoes and you throw
them on the floor
dance in the
not even the punisher could save this
game micro
transactions pay to win and skip this
[__] first
until they pull that out of the game
i'll take out
mark 2 and skill points for for now
wait wait wait wait back up what do you
what do you mean for now
for now for now for now i'm going to
show you these mark 1 upgrades
oh god damn it no i got tricked before
i'm not doing this again
[__] you billy i'm out
[Music]
joe are you leaving are you leaving
you're gonna be sorry billy will make
sure that you were sorry
falling through the world or getting
stuck constantly
extremely stupid ai [__] plot repetitive
missions
lack of a soundtrack
this game desperately needs radio
stations or something something
music there's like no music
like what are you thinking are you dumb
am i stupid
joe there's a whole album that you could
buy idiot
give us uh 5.99
large segments just flying around this
huge open world of nothing
it was boring some of the supposedly
epic moments were poorly programmed
with the same enemies over and over and
multiplayer
was less than compelling this exposed
ubisoft and their development as a bit
of a cookie cutter copy and paste
shell that did its best to earn as much
money upfront
off the special editions and the micro
transactions
before the player base got wiser
thankfully they did
all the dudes fall off look look right
here
you hit it with one bullet they all hop
out of the freaking truck
this is supposed to be a set piece
battle within ghost recon break point
yes
wonderful
for we are just the same [__]
faces
you made 800 million dollars
and you gave the same [__] faces we
even made an
angry rant on it and told you how
[__] pathetic it is
six faces go back joel make me darker
this is mine
that's your skin tone joe
it's four [__] faces the same
four [__] faces madden
you knew it was on the list madden 20.
just buy madden 19. it's the same exact
game
hell for the next three [__] games on
this list you could say that
there's even [__] logos of madden 19
in madden 20 they left them there now i
found this earlier
just by looking in the practice mode
madden 20
mad 19 madden 19 madden 20
man 20 man 19. if this
isn't a visual representation of how so
many people
feel about this product in this game not
just the lack of quality the attention
to detail the pride
but also how it is constantly almost a
rinse and repeat year to year i don't
know what else is
the entire there's an entire youtube
channel
that shows off how [__] this game is you
look at madden you take the other side
of that with the quarterback
i mean we've got jared goff rolling out
to the opposite side that he has to spin
to be able to throw
then when he goes to throw he gets hit
and the ball's going through the
defender
you go back and you take a look at
tackling in the open field user control
you have players that come down that
can't interact and you just get these
scrums and these
messes just trying to transition i know
that's slowed down and people complain
but let's slow down all pro football
and take a look at user control and
movement i mean singletary drops back
into coverage
then obviously you can see the field
turns back around and goes down and
makes an open field tackle
and i mean that looks beautiful that is
exactly what madden tried to do but
couldn't
because the animation library didn't
allow it to happen in the first place
this is what makes simulation football
this is what makes players matter
and we really just don't see it
consistently out of ea
in madden for years on end another good
channel soft drink tv
that shows exactly when we had the good
last madden
and exactly how many features those
games
had that we still do not
have in 2020 decades later
ea are willfully gimping their own game
and they [__]
know it the revelation that killed the
franchise
was the introduction of the ultimate
team gameplay
who cares franchise mode who cares
career mode who cares unless we can find
a way to monetize it like 2k did
remember how madden used to have
historic teams gone
now you only find nfl legends hidden
behind a paywall in
ultimate team the thing is ultimate
teams shouldn't be the issue here
if you enjoy wasting money on packs and
the thrill of gambling
go for it i really don't care the issue
is that ea refuses to address
any other part of the game gameplay
franchise mode career mode
they are all way behind where they
should be in late 2019
about to be 2020. ever since then
all the features that we know and love
have either been monetized
or left out of the game to be teased and
put back in later or just completely
forgotten
madden i'm [__] sick of madden i'm
sick of it
every generation there's this small hole
that they'll use
new engines when they release the new
consoles new graphics new modes
but i highly doubt the ps5 or the xbox x
x or x sex box will inspire
this [__] company and development house
to do their [__] jobs
outside of the money making scheme of
the ultimate team
and the yearly roster updates [__]
madden
oh the back view of slow walking in
talking from
this position that's the exact same
[__] thing from last year
i could have swore they said something
like we couldn't put in the pro bowl we
had to take it out
and we put it in we're stressing the
system by doing this
why that hasn't implemented the able
ability to play in the pro bowl
uh yeah well the simple answer is
graphics memory the reason that the pro
bowl is not available in madden
is because when we load in helmets from
all 32 teams
plus the pro bowler uniform we run out
of graphics memory
because each individual asset that we
load into game takes up graphics memory
for that session
and we don't have capacity for 32 nfl
helmets
on the current consoles what the
[__] are you serious i think they're
[__]
lying about things at this point
number 10.
uh i don't know what to say anymore joe
this is the worst example i
have ever ever seen
this is so blatant that they are
literally saying fall y'all
they are slapping people in the faces
with their big hearts
they just did that nba 2k 20
just by nba 2k19
it's the exact [__] same game and
this one
has manipulative micro transact [__]
[__] pachinko machines ball drops
and vegas like slot machines really
wha what is this why do you [__] need
that in a basketball
what does this add to basketball
how can anybody that plays can i just
guys guys you don't need to put up with
this [__]
push back you [__] pathetic zombies
in the sports game community this game
sucks
so hard and was so broken at release
especially in multiplayer
that a hashtag on twitter started
[__] trending
to get this [__] fixed and yet fans
of the game continue to eat it up slop
it all get the sloppy joes in your mouth
voting with your [__] wallets telling
2k that all this [__] is okay
and they justify it by saying well the
only good basketball game joe it's the
only good football game
shut up let's talk about it
how am i not how did i get a ross
how the [__] did i get a loss
i played another game same thing
happened i was winning another loss
and one oh we could try to foul out shaq
your opponent has left the match
do i get a loss i got a loss bro i'm not
leaving these games it's just like
[__] madden
only here at least there's a bit more
innovation i'll give you that little
modes
effort but there's also even more
aggressive micro
transactions charging people for [__]
customization haircuts
and [__] that has always been free
in
basketball games of old why do i need to
do this why do i need to be the only one
that defends this [__]
of old [__] nba2k20
it's a piece of [__] and then it
happened again what
i was there wait what just happened what
just happened
okay i don't know what just happened did
i just get another laws
and again don't quit bro
and again this is a joke
number nine
but you know what 2k's not even done wwe
2k20 what the [__] was this [__]
are you kidding me how did 2k games
think this game was ready to ship
what a colossal disaster of a release
but by god what a spectacularly funny
one
billy the exterminator is shaking
violently looking like an eight-year-old
that's throwing a temper tantrum after
being told he can't buy any more v bucks
or maybe he's been tased by an off-duty
officer in the crowd there's no talent
but it seems like the pin has been
interrupted by the ropes slapping him in
the face
so many great clips surfaced online
of this piece of [__] that i'm really
[__] jealous
that i can't play the game in that worst
release date just re-release the game in
that state
and he's supposed to be a nice guy oh
billy the exterminator is doing a sneak
attack
he disguised himself like a shark in the
water he couldn't see the strike
you see he's going for a pin oh the
referee is somehow able to count it
nice guy couldn't get out oh my god what
a turnaround
it's true nice guys always finish last
i want to play it we played a heavily
patched version of the game and still
found it completely unbearable
wake me up traveling something exciting
oh i punched him with a dick
oh my god oh my god
these guys are going at it hard
rolling next now no my elbow
[Applause]
will you please just kill me they had to
do the chair
match i mean slow unresponsive and on
fun so many features which is straight
outright removed that were in 2k19
and included online match modes custom
arenas are gone
you know what this may have something to
do with it not being developed by
ukes and being past a visual conslamps
who supported since 2014
but who have never been in full control
the q a was
[__] they fumbled hard bug ridden
and even unplayable at times due to
sheer incompetence
this game suffered a y2k glitch
when it turned to 2020 you couldn't play
it anymore
it ceased to function until it was
patched
2k games needs to issue everyone who
paid full price for this game
an apology and a god damn refund
[Music]
number eight
this is an excellent run sergio busquets
kialini
that's right what sports game was worse
most worst of all sports games in 2019
it's ea's fifa 2000 legacy ea should be
look come here you should be [__]
ashamed of yourself
e e e e
this game is the exact same [__] game
as fifa 19 with basically
just roster updates it's it is literally
just an update you know how we say that
all the time it is
even [__] ign the outlet that
constantly gives ea sports games
the do roster updates year after year
eights and nines
could not defend or justify this
completely stripped version of fifa 20.
the switch version really doesn't help
ea's case in currying gamers favor by
essentially offering nothing but a bare
bones roster update for nearly the price
of a full game
a macro transaction if you will the lack
of additions to fifa 20 legacy edition
outside of its new more honest name and
its refusal to innovate either on or off
the pitch a disappointing
even borderline insulting this is surely
not the legacy ea had in mind
that has the gall to charge 45
for roster names in addition to
all of this it retains all of the issues
and bugs from previous
games that were ironed out long ago for
the other systems
no new game modes no tweaks to gameplay
missing features no volta no updates
but of course the [__] matt up madden
fifa ultimate team micro transactions
are there in all their [__] glory
and no ea attacking the label legacy
isn't a [__] excuse to be a lazy
greedy piece of [__] and you know what
[__] fifa 20 2 the complete edition [__]
it [__] that game
that game gets put here as well put it
on put it on
it may have more features but the
ultimate team
has made this game just [__]
okay and career mode continues to be
overlooked
as ea gouges its player bases
stop it yes the menus have also
benefited from a fresh look of paint but
what lays within them is sadly exactly
the same as fifa 19.
again true to its word ea has added
literally no new game mode since last
year's outing nor have any tweaks been
made to the existing one
number seven
this is a new level
you lying [__] it's the same [__]
level
level two is the same level as level one
they couldn't even wait to get two or
three levels into the game before they
start [__]
bra not acceptable
what the [__]
contra rogue core this
piece of [__] abomination is a straight
insult to the franchise
a contra game where you have to
uh wait for a cool down to shoot your
[__] gun a lot of people playing
the most there was ever planned
was 28 people in the entire
world the entire world
three of us was yeah three out of the
four was us all right guys we'll put
ourselves through this so you don't
ever have to in contra
you're gone a [__] cool down the
thing that you are supposed to do
fire and all the time that generates all
the fun in the game are you serious
i wanna put it on my [__] muscley
eyes dude
i have normal eyes [__] that [__]
don't put muscly eyes
bro check out his eyes he's got a
[__] six-pack on his eyes
[Music]
shitty graphics hilarious character
took him animations
it doesn't help that he was cross-eyed
the whole time
the player model is so bad awful level
designs bosses and mini bosses that
repeat
over and over contra is [__]
how the [__] can you mess up this
formula
when it's so simple is beyond me oh
that's right konami
but that makes sense jesus christ worse
this game is
40 [__] dollars still still
not 20 or 15 or 10 or 5
40 [__] dollars of pure torture my
numbing chore to get through
contra should pay its player base to
play this crap
a complete joke
these [__] roller skater guys are
crazy
they're harder than the bosses like you
said
they're harder than the bosses like he
another oh he's blue this time blue holy
[__]
what the [__] [__] this man they can't
even [__] reward you properly for
doing the stupid [__] that they want you
to [__] do
oh my god what the [__] why did you make
her disappear
that was the coolest [__] i've ever seen
what a waste of [__] money
someone's fever dream without the skill
to implement said fever dream into video
game form
this is [__] man it is the same
repetitive procedurally generated
hallways
of ass i was supposed to say assets
but it's ass all over the place it looks
exactly the same let's head to that
dressing room
i've marked the location
and there's this story that's running
between these things
it is one of the most worst torturous
experiences to actually try to push
through
okay i'll give you four more minutes
when we hit 8 50
central time we're done four more
minutes
use it wisely what it's not even nine
yet
four minutes
it is not [__] scary it is 100
annoying none of the trailers featured
any real gameplay
want to know why because it blows flash
him joe
show him your pp i see why you ladies
came
surprised
there's too many ladies i'm embarrassed
you can't get it up you don't have
enough charge
oh my god joe that's your you got to
figure out what to do with that problem
man
get um what is it called uh uh
viagra joe you will have to
end up entertaining yourself the whole
way like oj did
but after a few hours of that you'll
regret so
much of buying it you will literally
walk around a maze looking for
canisters to put into machines so you
can solve a puzzle to then
walk around a boring same looking maze
again
and that's if you can get past the game
breaking bugs
no no no forget it [__] this game it is
four hours of this [__]
and i'm done over next game
no i am executive decision chat back me
up let me see what that goes
back me up executive decision i'm out of
here yes
it does it's based on a true story uh-uh
chat back me up is based on a true story
that's what it said
who's true story
number five
crackdown 3 will blow up the way you
play games today
by introducing a revolutionary new
multiplayer experience
using 100 destructible environments
by connecting to the microsoft cloud
play with 20 times the computational
power of your xbox one
and experience unrelenting destruction
in mayhem
[Music]
it's not just what you can crack down
three more like crap down
three nine years nine years since the
last installment of crackdown
and you think that they could have done
a teeny bit better job
than this wet fart a game i literally
could not bring myself to finish or play
to completion
it's [__] folks i regret to inform you
that crackdown
3 is well [__] really
it's not fun to say but it is what it is
crackdown 3 is an uninspired
lazy retread of the original crackdown
which
they might have gotten away with if this
was 2007
but it's not 2007 so this game just
looks and feels
like something that's over 10 years old
this game is a far cry
from what we were promised so many years
ago with so much development time
how did this happen not even
terry [__] cruise and i [__] love
terry crews
could save this piece of [__]
today [__]
yes there's some mindless fun yes okay
and there's just like there's mindless
fun in the previous two cracked down
games yep exactly the same fun there is
literally no reason to buy this game at
over those other two that came before it
is a retread
it is a budget title and they're lucky
they put it on the xbox game pass
it is pointless a pointless sequel whose
dead
rotting corpse was trotted out time
after time
after time at microsoft xbox events as
this new revolutionary experience
and system seller and it was all a
[__] lie
today [__]
how the game feels felt so dated is
beyond me it barely looks better than
previous versions
developed years ago crackdown 3
it's boring unexpired crappy physics
crappy combat it's short
it doesn't even deliver on all the
destruction promises
the multiplayer doesn't have the
marketing do you remember the marketing
structural damage that we saw in
trailers
it's more like styrofoam here in the
multiplayer
legos falling apart just lame ass
it's a complete mess i'm tired of
talking about it
it's barely functional and poorly
executed [__] it
[__] crackdown 3. so we have that
original
cloud destruction system which was
quite phenomenal and this is the
this is the final result in the shipping
game
um and well what do you think let's just
say that this this is
this is a mode that i don't think was
ever really worth all the attention that
it got in the end
that was a cool tech demo but what we
have is still a tech demo
just a massively stripped down tech demo
i mean the multiplayer basically
consists of
a series of tiny arenas rather than full
cities
with structures like statues buildings
and whatnot
that can be destroyed and the
destruction is not bad
it's just relatively simple every
building can be
broken up into large chunks that
essentially
fall uh from their position
realistically but all the chip damage is
missing from that demo
um and it just doesn't feel even as
impressive as something like red
fraction gorilla from last generation
i'd say
number four
uh i'm just gonna say it wolfenstein
youngblood sucks
so uh remember when the new colossus
came out
and i reviewed it and said oh no they're
going in the wrong direction
i think the next game needs to swing
back and focus on what was good in the
series
their gun playing the nazi killing well
uh to put it very simply they didn't
swing back
they went in the completely opposite
direction and
in my opinion quite possibly destroyed
the wolfenstein franchise
wolfenstein youngblood hell yeah dude
hell yeah dude
hell yeah dude what can i say about
wolfenstein youngblood that hasn't
already been said
hell yeah dude hell yeah dude
if this game blows hell yeah dude
and damn near just like contra ruins the
original
[__] french hell yeah dude it is
grindy is all [__] inconsistent micro
transactions just jammed in to fix the
problem
of grime that they create and awful
annoying characters hell yeah dude
what are they doing welcome to every
intermission screen
hell yeah dude terrible writing
crappy mechanics pandering and
so much more stupid [__] hell yeah
dude why bethesda
felt the need to mess with this formula
and put in this rpg-like system i will
never know
bullet sponges here they're just simply
not fun to fight
and that's the whole [__] game
sometimes completely refusing to notice
i even existed
when i was three feet in front of them
hell yeah dude whip out your wallet to
skip the stupid grind or push yourself
through this stupid mess
bethesda it's not a looter shooter how
can you [__] up
shooting and killing nazis it's
literally
the easiest formula no local co-op which
is all
[__] point of the game no shitty
co-op mechanics by the way
and if you do find somebody who will buy
this [__] with you
i don't know what's wrong with them and
the alternative
is your brain dead ai partner
he'll stop shooting him
revive me help
revive me
and my god the cringe factor
is through the [__] roof here
yes gun play can be good at times but
what does it [__] matter
when by the fifth hour you'll want to
tear your
eyes out of their sockets let's never
speak of this again
it is it is easily the worst in the
franchise
and it's embarrassing it is it's simply
[Music]
embarrassing
hell yeah dude
number three
let me pick all this is important
[Laughter]
left alive what can i say
this is what would happen if metal gear
solid phantom pain
and front mission had an incestuous
baby with numerous birth defects
that immediately after birth was shot
out of front missions vagina so hard
that it flew out the adjacent window hit
a tree
and hit every branch of that ugly tree
on the way down
only stopping short of the ground to be
choked out
by its own ugly umbilical cord then
save patched up given a [__] helmet
with unicorn stickers on it
and pushed out to play in professional
nfl football as a [__] running back
the body caught fire it's completely
burnt
kosher please report but my hair is
perfectly
swathed and i made sure to elegantly
disheveled
i made sure to put my wax damn it and
spray oh damn it i dropped my gun oh
i fell down perfect perfect
just perfect now i can what am i
supposed to do
wax poetic on my situation in this war
don't let anyone get out of here alive
do not do not let anyone
get out of here alive
that is the level of competence
and skill and intelligence that this
game displays
when played well you have the paper head
shots that go three con
kill him like that man
he has some pretty good helmets
you shot him ahead three times he's like
hold on i don't
i'm not gonna move i'm just gonna hold
up wait a minute hold up
oh hold up was that did you feel that
oh [__] oh no it is
disgusting to look at it is disgusting
to play
and all you had to do at release was
just use the dodge roll the whole time
to get past
enemies though that was quickly patched
but still
it was it's still the best way to get
around the [__] levels
bro bro
see if it actually works it actually
works they never
fixed it you are
one hundred percent involved
i didn't press it i didn't press it fast
enough
delray was subject to this entire game
and
barely came out alive on the other end
oj
had to literally give him mouth to mouth
avoid this one at all cost
it sucks and you know what i think this
mobile developer
is paying for reviews perhaps i'm
suspect that they're paying for reviews
because the user score
is really [__] high and and the
people that say
the things that they say are the dumbest
[__] i have ever
[__] read one of the most interesting
games i have
ever played this generation wonderful
game
remarkable political story can easily
compete with the other games in this
genre
it reminded me of dark souls
i didn't want you to die get [__]
you're supposed to cry how do you see
out of that car
they [__] painted the [__]
windshield look at this [__] car joe
oh joe what the [__] what just came out
of it
oh joe joe what was coming out of his
body it didn't look like
blood it looked like paint
number two
[Music]
what the [__]
you [__] it up fallout 76
first you piece
of [__] you literal manipulative greedy
lazy low effort cash and destroyer of
lazy franchises
what the hell were you thinking 100
for this broken ass piece of
[Music]
i genuinely think she's just go where
you want what
do whatever you want oh [__] right here
just kidding
make your player proud that he flips it
out man
fallout 76 fallout first 12
month membership taking a [__] game
that nearly won our worst game of 2018
if it weren't for quiet man and you know
what no
that was a mistake this game should have
won last year because there was
far more expectations from it it got off
easy
and i'm not going to let it off easy
again
16 times the detail i was definitely
saying something
all of this just works it's not
i'm not kidding so it goes on
twice you know what at second place on
back-to-back years
because it can't even win at being the
worst
how [__] fail this game is is that it
fails at being a failure
and continues to fail to this day a
never-ending source
of failure and bugs and glitches and
broken mechanics
that i had to make an entire segment for
it
on our 2019 news show shut the door
[__] this place shut the door
fallout 76 first is an embarrassment to
the franchise and why bethesda thinks
it's anywhere near as good to charge 100
[__] dollars a year
to for the right to play it after you
already spent 60 dollars
is beyond criminal and reveals just how
far from grace they have fallen over
these past two years
not one not two but three of their
properties
make the top worst games of 2019 list
and that should be a huge slap in the
face and a huge
wet [__] cleave the wake-up call
to get your [__] together and turn your
train wreck around
imagine paying 100
for fallout 76
in 2019
the [__] game isn't even worth that
it's not even sold for that it's 23
dollars
number one
according to the elderly scrolls she
would be the only one able to touch the
unicorn
and free him and the elves from the
curse
together with her courage beings of
light began to emerge
joining this mission
eternity the last unicorn yeah
yeah this makes a lesson number one it
is technically
the worst reviewed game this year across
all outlets
but did anyone think that this game
would be a success
i mean seriously look at this [__]
no this game had no expectations to be
good
no reason to believe you know what did
have expectations
and would fail to live up to them in
spectacular fashion
which makes it so much worse and juicy
anthem what i'm trying to say
is that anthem has some son of a [__]
that is i want to tell you things [__]
y'all didn't think i'd forget about this
piece of [__] did you
anthem that's right anthem is the real
number one
visions kelly
your history
the future
you saw yourself i never trusted you
the game that nearly destroyed an entire
legendary studio
and exposed it for being the shell of
its former self
that it now is anthem it's a horror
story
a warning to all other triple a and even
indie developers who whose pride and
hubris and incompetence
can completely blind a studio into such
painful mediocrity while marketing ramps
things up to an insanely undeliverable
level
we're under attack anyone in the area
we're under attack
you can equip your javelin exo suit with
gear that brings devastating power
what the [__] that never [__] happens
in the game that's exactly what would
make it [__] cool
they [__] lie to us and your
publisher gets
sick of your [__] that they make you
push out the game
unfinished raw and a bug-filled
mess of underdeveloped somehow
overworked ideas
the looter shooter where the loot sucks
why do the drops suck so bad look here's
the difference between an
epic shotgun and a rare shotgun
it's the same it's the same freaking
weapons
over and over and over and over
they don't even bother to change the
freaking models on the guns
very much customization was mostly tied
to micro
transactions and the story was less than
compelling
oh a big ass [__] battle with
freelancers
versus oh man one of our best
friends
left to meet the dominion forces head on
we we don't get to play this do we
[__] pathetic missions and
these bosses those strikes that you
repeat over and over for less than an
ideal loot that was so often broken
itself and unsatisfying
oh guess what chat this one's broken the
stats didn't roll and it didn't do
anything so this is [__] worthless
i love my zero percent for zero seconds
flamethrowers
this is really a good item you know
getting enemy fl or flamethrower damage
increased by zero percent for zero
seconds stacking the zero
it's really good it's really good item
really good item
anthem was no doubt the huge
[__] up of 2019 proving
that the games as a service model is a
cancer
on the industry the the fix it later
mentality
the develop the actual game better after
everyone has paid their 60 dollars to
beta test their game for them it doesn't
work loading was 5 minutes and 20
seconds total
the actual gameplay 4 minutes 23 seconds
of actual game play
and this was for the arcanist runes
contract and you'll be playing a lot of
this [__]
over and over the pathetic cataclysm
event that was supposed to save the game
with the
you know raid content was a joke anthem
sucked where the [__] did they not
finish the [__] game
this is all that there is after six
years of development this
is simply it where are all the paint
vinyls wear states animations and all
this stuff in the drops
that would have made the loot in the
game exciting getting stuff
and i'm finished with the game i
actually completely finished with the
main storyline
and i looked the same the entire [__]
time are you [__] me
are you [__] [__] me and it was
tough
to see this once legendary studio
stumble
and fall so hard on its face so
completely
literally no one plays this game more
people play the abomination of fallout
than they play this failure the only
hope
is that bioware uses this as a teachable
moment
learn from it never let this happen
again
what's a great way to extend the length
of
but i hope you enjoy it you idiot i hope
you enjoy my where to creativity
develop your games abandoned games as a
service
and half-assed releases and crappy micro
transactions and make the damn game the
right way the first time
at release
and with that i am released
from my obligations of 2019's worst
[__] games and i gave you a little
bit more
i want to thank all of our supporting
members
who i've i've opened this up and they've
shown their love and support forming the
backbone
of the angry army the mobile infantry i
will call them
so they're going forward i can cuss as
much as i [__] want
it's my [__] show and you guys are
there to support me
whatever youtube does and thank you so
much
as we go into this next decade of gaming
together
it should be really really fun thank you
guys so much for watching
please please consider clicking those
links down below
and uh jumping into some of that bonus
non-content and
bloopers and [__] we got thank you guys
for watching
we'll see you on the next angry joe show
and more lists are coming thank you guys
bye see you on the next angry joe show
you